hi everybody I'm chatty and you're
watching so this kitchen count today in
my kitchen I'm going to show you a very
very popular snack samosas
these can be filled with any stuffing of
your choice today I'm going to make
delicious potato stuffing to go along
with this samosas and this is going to
be really yummy and I'm going to show
you how you get the crispy texture for
the outer layer so let's quickly start
with the recipe first go through the
ingredients later I'll show you the step
by step procedure of making the samosas
for making the dough you need 1 cup of
all-purpose flour maida quarter teaspoon
of adjuvant carom seeds three
tablespoons of oil salt to taste and you
also need some water to knead the dough
you need a very little amount of water
we want tight and stiff dough for the
samosas and for the stuffing you need
three medium sized boiled potatoes house
lightly mash them quarter teaspoon of
cumin powder quarter teaspoon of
coriander powder a generous pinch of
asafoetida hing 2 tablespoons of oil 1/2
teaspoon of mustard seeds 1/2 a teaspoon
of cumin seeds salt to taste quarter
teaspoon of turmeric powder quarter
teaspoon of garam masala powder green
chillies finely chopped to taste quarter
teaspoon of finely chopped onion and you
also need three tablespoons of finely
chopped cilantro for deep frying the
samosas you need some oil so you can use
any one such as vegetable oil or even
the canola oil so let's start by
preparing the dough first so into the
wide bowel I'm going to add in the
all-purpose flour followed by a drain
salt and most important oil this oil
that we are going to add it to the flour
it helps in developing nice flakiness
into the samosas
very important ingredient and I'm going
to mix father's oil into the flour as
you see you could see some crumb texture
into this flour after adding the oil
into the flour this is how you want if
you want you could even add any kind of
facts such as clarified butter or even
the butter husband I'm going to add a
little bit of water at a time and make a
very tight dough out of it but for
meaning the do I just used quarter cup
of water nothing more than that
we want it tight and stepped out of it
make sure that you get everything out
from the corners of the mouth and make
it very stiff dough out of this and
finally I'm going to coat it with just
few drops of oil and I'm going to cover
this until we are ready with the
stuffing so now let's start preparing
the stuffing so into a wide bowel I'm
going to start by heating up the oil I'm
going to season it once the oil is nice
and hot I'm going to start by adding the
mustard seeds allow them to pop
completely and pardon the cumin seeds
pinch of hing turmeric powder
Arnon yes let the onion get cooked which
should be nice and soft you can pretty
much add any kind of masala like chaat
masala or even the lemon juice the
pepper powder you can spice it up the
way you like but here I got the
coriander powder and the cumin powder
going to dump enough
Pulido and I mix the potato along with
the onion and the masala you can use the
same stuffing inside the dosa or even
the hollow funda the stuffing can also
go into the puff pastry sheets and make
tops but of this so there are n number
of ways to use this stuffing so finally
to finish this off I'm going to carve it
down lots of cilantro and the garam
masala powder and mix it through
cilantro adds a great flavor and the
place of cilantro you could reduce the
amount and even hard in the mint for a
different flavor literally you can go
crazy about how you mean to masala
anyhow it tastes great because of the
potatoes and last but not least and one
to add in the salt and mix it through if
you want you could even add in some
lemon juice along with the salt as well
so our flavorful potato filling is all
ready you could even give it a taste
test and you can adjust according to
your preference salt and even a spices
mine is just perfect
I'm going to turn off the heat this is
all ready I'm going to take it out from
the pan let it cool completely before
stuffing it to the samosa so it's been a
while now I have my stuffing ready it
has cooled down completely and the dough
is looking nice and beautiful let's
start dividing the dough into small
balls I'm going to make one inch round
balls out of it because we are going to
make small samosas bite-sized samosas
which I like so give it a final neat so
you might probably get about six to
eight dumplings out of it so there I
have
six balls I'm just going to smoothen
them and start rolling into chapatis and
we are going to divide each capacity
into two parts and later shape them into
samosas I am working with one dumpling
I'm going to cover the remaining because
we don't want them to dry up and you
could even dust it with the dry
all-purpose flour now I am going to
start rolling into five inch diameter
circle I'm going to divide this into two
and I'm going to see this like this if
it's not getting sealed properly you
could even coat it with little bit of
water but my dough is looking beautiful
I don't need any additional water for
this just stick it carefully so that
it's completely sealed and you get a
cone on top when you invert it so into
this portion I am going to add in the
pareto filling as I told you you can use
any filling of your choice and I'm going
to pull this up a little bit so that I
will be able to see this
make sure that you're sealing it
properly so after you seal it completely
like so over here I'm going to make a
plate
and they can present so there you have
beautiful samosa ready and similarly you
can do the same way with the remaining
butter as well make sure that you seal
everything properly I'm going to fry
them up in two batches my oil is already
going on low to medium make sure that
you're frying on low to medium only
otherwise they don't turn out crispy so
I'm just going to carefully slide all
these samosas one by one into the
moderately hot oil and as I told you I'm
going to do this frying in two batches
and we are going to wait till these
samosas float on top of the oil so after
five minutes I'm going to increase the
flame to medium and cook for 5 more
minutes basically we want them to cook
from inside out we want them to be nice
and flaky and they should be nice and
crispy now as you see they are
beautifully golden I'm going to take
them off from the pan and I'm going to
follow the same thing with the remaining
samosas as well so there I have my yummy
and crispy samosas and I wanted to show
you how crispy they are I'm going to
give it a bite they're super hot they
are very crispy and they are amazing so
there are my crunchy and flavorful
samosas these are really crispy I hope
you all had a great time watching this
video don't forget to rate this video
and do subscribe just with this kitchen
for the latest recipe updates and I'll
be back soon with another great recipe
till then take care bye